Find the details of the team members for the internet access project group below: 

Name: Naman Bansal 
Bio: Naman is a graduate student at Harvard Graduate School of Education. He is an engineer turned educationist from India working to improve educational outcomes for the marginalized children in the remotest locations of the world. Naman’s previous leadership projects in education have included leading the Solar Digital Night Schools (low-cost, rural-technology centered schools in some of the remotest locations across rural India) at Barefoot College International, co-founding Vidyalaya Vistaar/ School Plus (an initiative to transform government schools of Mathura-Vrindavan) and founding Palak (an initiative to bring transformational change in a school of rural Bihar through stories and computer literacy).Naman is a recipient of various awards including the Harappa Habit Hero award in 2020 for ensuring children’s education continuation during Covid19, the 2019 Karmaveer Chakra Awards in association with the United Nations, and the 2019 Rashtriya Gaurav Samman by the National Youth Awardees Federation of India. He was a national level finalist at the Telenor Youth Forum and the Young Achievers Award in 2016. He is also a founding participant at Anubhav Lecture Series, an initiative of Harris School of Public Policy, University of Chicago. His work, thoughts and contributions in child education have been covered across various digital and print media including a leading front page cover story by The Dainik Bhaskar (India’s highest circulated daily newspaper), identifying Naman as a leading youth leader involved in nation-building

Name: Abdurrehman 
Bio: Abdurrehman is currently a Master in Public Policy Candidate at the Harvard Kennedy School. He has worked in Strategy and Operations roles with governments in the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Oman and Pakistan. His areas of interest include energy, infrastructure, transport and State-Owned Enterprise reform. He now wants to leverage insights from data and behaviour sciences to improve developmental outcomes in emerging economies.

Name: Siew Sanz Ng
Bio: As a Master in Public Administration in International Development student at Harvard Kennedy School, Siew aims to work in the intersection of technology and policy by using data analytics to address pressing development issues. During her 5 years of work experience with Axiata, a telecommunications conglomerate, Siew complete various rotations across Axiata’s South Asia and Southeast Asia operating companies, focusing on using analytics in audit,finance, and fraud prevention. Most recently, as the Strategy Consultant of Axiata Digital Capital (ADC), Axiata’s digital micro-financing venture serving underserved nano, micro, small and medium sized enterprises, Siew led a funding exercise and supported ADC’s application for a digital banking license. Using technology for social justice, Siew has also developed a chatbot for migrant workers that serves as an information channel, data collection tool and multilingual reporting system for trafficking and forced labor incidents.

Name: Rohini Iyer
Bio: Rohini is a John F. Kennedy fellow pursuing the Master in Public Policy (MPP) program at Harvard Kennedy School. She is a Statistics graduate and comes with over 4 years of policy research and development experience in the Indian public/non-profit space. Most recently, Rohini worked for J-PAL South Asia where she helped design a research study to reduce drug consumption among youngsters, through qualitative interviews, stakeholder engagement, and data analysis. Prior to J-PAL, she led implementation and monitoring for a large-scale randomized control trial (RCT) to study female labor force participation at Evidence for Policy Design. Rohini has also served as a part-time STEM subjects’ facilitator for low-income public school students in India. Rohini is data enthusiast and passionate about gender, labor, and education policies.